You will remain secure and rest in the shadow of the Almighty, whose power no enemy can withstand.
I will say of the Lord, 'He is my refuge and my fortress, my God in whom I trust with great confidence and on whom I rely.
' For he will save you from the trap of the fowler and from the deadly pestilence.
He will cover you and completely protect you with his pinions, and under his wings you will find refuge.
His faithfulness is a shield and a wall.
You will not be afraid of the terror of the night, nor the arrow that flies by day, nor the pestilence that stalks in darkness, nor the destruction and sudden death that lays waste at noon.
A thousand may fall at your side and 10,000 at your right hand, but no danger will come near you.
You will only be a spectator as you look on with your eyes and witness the divine repayment of the wicked as you watch safely from the shelter of the Most High.
Because you have made the Lord, who is my refuge, even the Most High, your dwelling place, no evil will befall you, nor will any plague come near your tent.
For he will command his angels in regards to you to protect and defend and guard you in all your ways of obedience and service.
They will lift you up in their hands so that you do not even strike your foot against a stone.
You will tread upon the lion and the cobra, the young lion and the serpent.
You will trample underfoot because he has set his love on me.
Therefore, I will save him.
I will set him securely on high because he knows my name.
He confidently trusts and relies on me, knowing I will never abandon him.
No, never.
He will call upon me and I will answer him.
I will be with him in trouble.
I will rescue him and honor him with long life.
I will satisfy him and I will let him see my salvation.
Amen.
I love that.
With long life—long abundant life and abundance to the full until it overflows.
Overflow life, not just barely getting by life, but overflow life and abundant life.
How many are here?
Well, good morning, family.
Praise the Lord.
It's evening time, but I like saying good morning.
It's the start of a new day.
So, we're excited to be here tonight.
We have some things to pray over.
We're excited to see that so far we don't have anybody acting like a fool about the food stamps and all that in our nation.
No riots from what I can see, so I believe our prayers are working.
We see that we've had a major terrorist plot that was scheduled for yesterday or this weekend brought down by our FBI.
And we give all the glory to God for that because I believe that prayer has changed things.
I want to give God all the glory for that.
Look, folks, I believe when we come together and do this prayer together, that's what we're here for: that we're able to uncover the rats in our government and in our country, that we have authority over this.
Diana is going to read this authority today.
You know the scriptures, and my sister Billye Brim, she had this book and she has the prayer.
Diana is going to read the prayer of what Sister Billye has, how we all prayed together every day.
But just going over this so that you can practice this with your family using scripture to combat the devil.
You don't stand alone; you stand with a pillar, and that's the word of God.
And that's the only thing that's ever going to set you free.
You'll know the truth, and the truth of God's word will set you free and make you free.
The only thing that's ever going to set you free is God's word—knowing Him, who you are in Christ, knowing the authority of the believer, what we have in Christ, and what he paid for us.
What did he do for us on that cross when he said, 'It is finished'?
What did he say was finished?
Everything that he set out to do so that we have an abundant life—that you're healed, you're whole, you're well, you're forgiven of your sins—everything he set out to do, it is finished.
And I believe we have authority over the devil.
And like I said, I don't ever really sponsor books or whatever; I'm just trying to tell you what we read.
You know, people go, 'Well, you're trying to help sell.
' No, I'm not selling books; I'm trying to tell you what works.
And we read books that work.
And if we don't believe it works, we don't read it.
It's kindling for the fireplace.
I'm just telling you, I don't waste my time with it.
But I believe Sister Billye has a nugget here and I encourage you—you can't find it anywhere.
We couldn't find it on Amazon.
Diana goes, 'I found it!
It's in our bookstore at the church.
' And I said, 'No way!
Three bucks!
' So we were excited to have it.
So Diana is going to read this book to you tonight in a minute.
But we're going to go over some of the things that are happening in the news today.
And whoever blessed me with the NingXia Red box—whatever that Young Living NingXia—God bless you.
It's a big little box.
I got it in the mail today and that was really a blessing.
I was excited about it.
Yeah, it was nice, enough that I can take two a day.
And so I was like, 'Hey, this is a blessing.
' I've never had it before and I feel good after taking it.
She had some.
So I said I tried some today.
It does—it makes you feel good.
No, I'm not getting into network marketing, but I'm telling you, thank you to whoever sent that.
So kind.
Okay, ready?
Let's see this right here.
I want you to hear on the news.
And first off, I want to say this too: the Lord corrected me more than once, and I want you just to pay attention.
I want you to just think about what I'm about to say.
Don't you don't have to comment on it, please.
I don't need any when it comes to stuff like this.
I'm just very transparent about my life.
And I think it's good that I am because I feel like for the babies—the baby believers that are just getting born again—we had over 50 salvations during the live stream.
We had 50 born-again believers, all new converts to Jesus Christ.
I don't even know.
Braden, I told him, 'You should go through and look,' but we've been so busy all through the month of October.
He said, 'Daddy, we had well over a thousand people give their heart to Jesus Christ in the month of October.
' And that's just for the American channel alone.
That's not South Korea, China, Japan, or all the other channels.
We had just in the American channel alone over a thousand salvations in the month of October.
And I just want to give God the praise for it.
I'm so excited you're here.
There are so many new faces and so many new believers getting born again on this channel, and we give all the glory to God for it.
But I got corrected by the Holy Spirit for criticizing the things I said about the blowing on the COVID and all that.
He went over it again.
He said, 'Brandon, you offended somebody big in ministry that has a big platform by what you said.
' And he said, 'You don't need to touch that.
Don't ever do that again.
' And I want to say this: I know who you are.
The Lord showed me exactly who is watching.
If you're not watching, never again.
My job is never to hurt.
I don't want to hurt anybody.
I'm not picking at the elders by blowing on COVID or doing all that stuff when all that happened.
That was not my place.
I honor and I respect my elders.
I honor and respect people, and even if I don't agree or disagree, it's none of my business.
It's not my place to ever say.
And so the Holy Spirit really corrected me, and I'm just open with y'all because it's something that needs to be said.
I said it publicly and I repent publicly.
I repented at that time, but I really got corrected by the Holy Spirit.
I want to tell you all, I'm a work in progress.
I put my foot in my mouth probably more often than I should.
It's something that I really want to make sure that I always make my pipeline clear.
That's a good way to say I want to make sure I make my pipeline clear all the time so that I don't have anything clogging it.
It's the only way I get God's message clearly, when I make sure my pipeline's clear.
With Diana, if I've been snippy, or if I have a bad attitude with my kids, I want to be quick to repent.
When you're quick to repent and you don't let your sun go down on your anger, you make sure that your marriage is good.
You make sure you're always in the right flow.
I want to always have that straight.
As I said, you get the Holy Spirit through that pipeline and you're hearing, but I don't want anything distorted because I've got something stupid in my life that I could take care of so quickly.
As a leader of this channel, I just want to tell you again—I don't want you to say, 'Oh, Brandon, it's okay.
' No, it's between me and Him, and I'm doing this because it's what He asked me to do.
It's not right for me to attack elders and bust on them, regardless of who they are or what platform they have.
I've touched on that enough.
So, let's go over what happened in the news with the FBI.
The FBI caught a group of people in Michigan.
Where was the main place I saw them crossing over from Canada?
Michigan.
I told Diana and Braden, 'That's not a coincidence.
' I can even tell you where they entered.
I knew exactly where they entered and where the hub was; I saw all of it.
Some of these men were coming over from Canada.
I've probably said too much, but I've seen some of this.
I have to move on.
I want you to hear that; I'm not going to say anything else.
Praise the Lord, family.
That's what I'm talking about right there.
When the body of Christ steps in, look what we do.
Isn't that exciting?
There's much more work to be done.
I was excited about that report.
I didn't come on yesterday to tell you that.
Here is another thing that we prayed over.
This is Marjorie Taylor Greene.
Braden found this on Alex; he can't play the whole clip, but he can play this little part right here.
I want you to play this and see what we prayed over and what we hear in the news.
Republicans and Democrats can't work together, don't work together, and refuse to work together.
That is a fact of where we are in America.
Why would they sit there and banter back and forth and try to get seven Democrat votes?
You pray over those right there.
He said, 'Do you see that group right there?
I see them.
It's a huddle, just a few.
' I'm counting their faces: one, two, three, four, five, six, seven.
Seven.
And then there's one predominant one.
'Pray over these few here.
' She said seven Republicans and Democrats can't work together and refuse to work together.
Why would they try to get seven Democrat votes?
I don't know this stuff, y'all.
I'm not a highly educated man, but I follow the Holy Spirit.
It was cool because when I'm seeing in the spirit, I see seven faces.
The Lord said, 'Count them.
' I count the men's and women's faces.
He said, 'All you need is to flip those faces.
You don't need all of them; you just need seven.
' Then I saw one main face.
He said, 'This is where we're at tonight.
We're going to pray for seven faces to soften their hearts toward the budget and to open our government for the TSA and for our Homeland Security—whoever gets paid by this budget.
' We're believing God for your paychecks tonight.
We're believing God for America to open up again, for this nonsense to stop.
I haven't seen any rioting today because of the SNAP program.
Look, President Trump came on and said this: he was trying to figure out a way around the budget to fund food stamps so the people didn't go without food.
'SNAP benefits could expire today for more than a million veterans.
A federal judge ordered emergency funds to pay for SNAP yesterday, with President Trump saying, "I do not want Americans to go hungry just because the radical Democrats refuse to do the right thing and reopen the government.
Therefore, I have instructed our lawyers to ask the court to clarify how we can legally fund SNAP as soon as possible.
"' Thank God for that.
Braden keeps me up to date, and I thought, 'Thank God.
' After Braden showed that to me, I said, 'Well, thank God.
Hopefully, he's going to get that done so these people don't go without.
' Braden is awesome; he's a good kid.
I appreciate you, Braden.
Then the other part was Braden showing me that Trump threatens Nigeria with potential military action.
He escalates the claim of Christian persecution.
We see him hoping to step in and stop the genocide of the Christian people in Nigeria.
We give God all praise for that.
We want that to stop; it's ridiculous.
They said 75,000 plus have been slaughtered, and that is ridiculous.
Even people that we knew are asking, 'Please pray for us, Brandon.
' So we're going to pray for them tonight.
One last thing Braden showed me today was a report that the Pentagon cleared giving Ukraine long-range Tomahawk missiles, leaving the final decision to Trump.
The Pentagon is saying today they want to give those Tomahawk missiles that I saw in the spirit back when I was in Branson.
I was praying and the Lord showed me those Tomahawk missiles going into Moscow, really poking the bear and escalating this war on another level.
I saw the Tomahawk missiles.
The Pentagon cleared it today.
They said, 'You can have them,' but Trump has to okay it.
We don't want him to okay that; it would be very bad.
I saw what happens whenever this takes place.
That is another prayer assignment.
I believe my gift is a watchman's eye, a prophetic lens.
I've told everybody this a thousand times: I don't consider myself a prophet.
I consider myself a watchman who sees what's coming so we can avert it or stop it altogether, or lessen the effects.
And so we see the Pentagon saying that today.
That right there is a sign for what I have seen coming next.
I saw women and children running from Moscow.
I saw the Kremlin being hit and struck; it looks like a castle there.
They blew it up and struck all around it.
I am telling you by the Spirit of God, we don't want this.
We don't want escalation.
I saw Poland getting involved.
I saw Romania.
I saw Belarus.
So many other places were becoming involved, and there was snow on the ground.
I saw people with snowsuits on, and they were in hand-to-hand combat like they are right now—trench warfare in Ukraine against Russia.
When they said 7,000 men and women are dying a day in Ukraine and in Russia, that is ridiculous.
7,000 people a day die in Ukraine and Russia.
I didn't realize it; we were talking about how that is terrible.
Those are somebody's sons.
Those are somebody's dads.
So we pray for the escalation to come down.
I know what the Lord has shown me about signs of the times and where we are in the last of the last days, that we will see wars and rumors of wars.
We are going to see things, but I believe that we are still to pray regardless of the escalation of where we are.
We are still to pray.
Some might say, 'Well, it's going to happen anyway.
' No, I am still going to pray.
I am going to pray for your kids if they are on the front line.
I would pray; I hope you would pray for mine if they were.
We have Christian brothers and sisters over there right now in Ukraine whose sons are over there fighting.
They are thinking, 'Is he going to be in a body bag on the way home?
Is he going to be left on the field for the birds to eat him?
' Those are somebody's kids.
To not pray...
it's just, 'Whatever will be, will be, brother.
' Well, you wouldn't act that way if that was your family.
You still pray.
You still pray for protection.
You still intercede for the people, and God help them.
That is what I do for yours; that is what I pray you do for mine.
There are Christians over there that love the Lord, probably more than we do.
It is just sad to me.
7,000.
And we saw what happened to Jamaica.
The Lord told me it would hit and all the things would happen; it really messed up that island.
I don't know how many people have perished from that, but I believe with all my heart that what the devil meant for bad, God is going to get the good from it.
We are going to turn it around.
I believe that we are always on the victory side of things.
We are not the victim; we are the victor, and we have authority.
And that is what I wanted, Diana, before we start praying tonight.
I want Diana to read this book by Sister Billye Brim, 'The Authority of the Believer and How to Use It.
' This is the part on how to use it.
So we are going to apply it.
She will read it, and I want you to repeat the prayer part about your household, your family, your grandchildren, your children, your husband, or your wife, whatever it may be.
You use it and pray over your family, but your mountain has to hear your voice.
Brandon cannot cover it, and Diana cannot cover your house.
You have to cover your house.
You have to cover your neighborhood.
Wherever your feet tread, wherever you walk, wherever you go to church, and where your kids go to school, you have to plead the blood and apply the authority of the believer over your area.
I cannot do it for you.
I can cover our Tulsa metro.
I go around praying over the area, saying, 'God, I thank you that your revival is coming here.
' I go around ORU.
Father, I thank you, Lord, that you cover this campus.
I pray over the Mabee Center.
I pray over the buildings.
Father, I thank you, Lord, for victory for Collinsville and for Glorious Church.
You have to pray over where God has planted you.
You may be in Michigan or Florida.
Wherever you are, I say you pray over your area.
I have authority where I am—at my house and the area where God has put me.
That is why I want you to pray over it.
So, I want you to read that, love.
We are going to teach them; this is what we do.
Go ahead.
Almost every morning, I do my ministry in the heavenlies.
I do it from a seated position since I am seated with Him at the right hand of the Father.
At home, I do this from my comfortable prayer chair.
First, I pray the prayer which begins in Ephesians chapter 1.
I start praying with verse 17, but I do not stop at the end of the chapter.
I continue with Ephesians 2:1 and then skip to chapter 2, verses 4 through 7.
Here is an example of my prayer and how I rule and reign: 'God of our Lord Jesus Christ, the Father of glory, please give unto me the spirit of wisdom and revelation in the knowledge of Him.
Let the eyes of my understanding be enlightened that I may know what is the hope of His calling, the riches of the glory of Your inheritance in the saints, and the exceeding greatness of Your dunamis toward us who believe, according to Your mighty power which You wrought in the Messiah, the Anointed One, when You raised Him from the dead and set Him at Your own right hand in the heavenlies, far above all principality and power and might and dominion, and every name that is named, not only in this age but also in that which is to come.
And You have put all under His feet, and gave Him to be the head over all of the ecclesia—the church—which is His body, the fullness of Him that filleth all in all.
And me have You quickened, who was dead in trespasses and sins.
But God, who is rich in mercy, for His great love wherewith He loved me, even when we were dead in sins, hath quickened us together with Christ—by grace we are saved—and hath raised us up together, and made us sit together in the heavenlies in Christ Jesus.
When He quickened Him, He quickened me.
When He raised Him, He raised me.
When He seated Him, He seated me in Him.
Therefore, in Him I am seated far above all principality, power, might, and dominion, and every name that is named.
And in the name of Jesus, I will now rule and reign over the powers of darkness because the Lord told me to in Romans.
For I have received abundance of grace and the gift of righteousness.
Therefore, I now reign as a king in my life by one, Jesus Christ.
Kingdom of darkness, you listen to me: I hold the blood of Jesus over all things pertaining to me.
And I forbid your having anything to do with...
' and then from here, I follow my spirit.
I start with my family; usually, I name them.
So, that is where I want you.
This is where it really...
I mean, we quoted the scriptures of Ephesians.
So now you go right here again.
I hold the blood of Jesus over all things pertaining to me and I forbid you having anything to do with it.
Pertaining to me, I hold the blood of Jesus against you.
I hold the blood and I forbid you to touch anything that has to do with me and my family.
Keep reading.
From here I follow my spirit.
I start with my family.
Usually I name them.
Then I plead the blood over myself: spirit, soul, and body.
I move then to the good works he has ordained that I should walk in, Ephesians.
I name them and their locations and the people and places adjoined to me in these good works.
I cover houses, properties, vehicles, etc.
From time to time, I begin by reading the paragraph on page 27 just as McMillan wrote it: 'Lord, I accept thy gracious word.
I believe that thou hast thus wrought for me.
In humble faith, I do now take my seat in the heavenlies in Christ Jesus at thy right hand.
' Do you mean to keep reading?
I think that's it.
So right now, I forbid you to touch Diana, Braden, Megan, Paisley, and me, my finances, my house, Collinsville, my area where I live, the Tulsa, Oklahoma area.
We apply the blood of Jesus over our area.
We will not have any calamity, any storms, any plagues, anything.
Father, I thank you that we have authority over our families and we pray a protection around them.
You have given us the power and authority over this and we say we will not have you touch our children with sickness and disease, calamity like shootings, or any casualty or anything.
So that's what you do.
You apply the blood of Jesus over your kids, over your family, over your wife, over your husband, anybody, and over your schools, where you go to church, where you go to the grocery store, wherever.
But that's what you do.
And so I want you to really sit in that heavenly place by reading what was just read, Ephesians, and applying the blood of Jesus.
And that's why we take communion.
Okay, I'm done holding that.
So we take the body and we lift it up before the Father and we thank you, Lord.
We thank you, Lord, that we're seated with you.
We thank you, Lord, that by your stripes we're healed and we apply the blood of Jesus over us.
We thank you, Lord, that no weapon formed against us is going to prosper.
And we thank you, Father, that your hand of protection is on us.
Your hand of provision is on us.
And we pray over our government.
We pray over our local government, our local law enforcement, the FBI, the sheriff's department, our local police department, our firefighters, our ambulance workers.
Father, I thank you, Lord, that there's a covering over this area, over our schools, over where our kids go to school.
Father, I thank you, Lord, that every plot, every plan of the devil is under our feet in the name of Jesus, and it will not bear fruit in our area just like it did in Michigan.
Father, we thank you, Lord, that you're exposing the rats in the FBI.
You're exposing the rats in Homeland Security.
You're exposing the rats in the CIA.
You're exposing the rats in the Pentagon.
Every evil plot, every plan, every judge that is bad, Father, I thank you, Lord, that you're exposing and removing them in the name of Jesus.
We apply the blood over our area.
And we thank you, Lord, that we're always in the right place at the right time, doing exactly what you've called us to do.
We will not be at the wrong place at the wrong time, but we'll be at the right place at the right time because we're led by the Spirit.
We thank you, Lord, that as he is, so are we in this world.
And as Jesus reigns, we reign.
As Christ reigns, we reign with him.
And we're not moved by what we see.
We're not moved by what we feel.
We're moved by what the word says.
And Father, we thank you for the blood.
We thank you, Lord, for our marriage.
I pray over my wife, over her health, over my health, over my children, Father, that we're covered in the blood of Jesus.
We thank you, Lord, that no weapon, every tongue that rises against us, we condemn it in the name of Jesus.
A thousand shall fall at our side and 10,000 at our right hand, but nothing shall come nigh us.
Father, I thank you, Lord, that our finances are blessed.
For you said in your word that everything we put our hands to would prosper in the name of Jesus.
We take authority over poverty because it's a curse.
And Christ has redeemed us from the curse according to Galatians.
Christ has redeemed us from the curse of the law.
And poverty is a curse of the law.
And we're blessed in the city.
We're blessed in the field.
We're blessed coming in.
We're blessed going out.
And Father, I thank you, Lord, that we have more than enough to give to the kingdom of God and promote the gospel throughout the whole world.
Father, we'll be a lender and not a borrower.
Just like you said, you'll lend to many and you won't borrow.
Just like he said in Deuteronomy 28, we believe that Jesus Christ is the same yesterday, today, and forever.
And as he blessed the children of Israel, he'll bless me.
He's no respecter of persons.
And I believe, Father, that we'll be the bosses, the ones that have the good jobs; we're not the ones at the bottom of the barrel.
We have more than enough, God.
When there's a youth fund at the church, we're able to pay it in full, write the check for it.
We lack no good thing.
Do you understand?
That's what we're going to believe for.
We lack no good thing.
Well, a missionary needs money for a water well.
Well, here missionary, let me give you a water well.
Do I have to have a chicken fry dinner or a spaghetti dinner or a biscuit and gravy dinner to try to raise money at the church for the missionary trips?
Well, you know, we have to have a youth car wash to pay for the youth rally.
We don't have enough money, so we have to have a car wash so our kids have to go out there and wash cars all day long in the hot sun so we can have enough money to pay for the youth rally.
There ought to be millionaires in the church that say, 'Hey, listen, if those kids need a youth rally—not that it's not good for kids to work—the body of Christ shouldn't lack any good thing.
The government shouldn't be the one feeding the people; the church should.
How much more that our food pantry can feed everybody that we bring in.
The Lord showed me today...
oh, he said finish communion first.
So, Father, we take communion in the name of Jesus and we lift it up before you, God.
Everything that you have for me, everything that you already did, and we receive it.
I am not sick trying to get healed.
I am not poor trying to get rich.
I am the healed resisting sickness.
I am the healed of the Lord.
You are not stealing what God has already provided.
He's already provided the keys, healing, wealth, and abundance.
He already took care of it.
So, I'm not trying to get it.
I'm saying you can't steal what's already mine.
I am whole.
I am well.
I have the mind of Christ.
God has not given me a spirit of fear, but of power and of love and of a well-balanced mind.
2 Timothy 1:7.
I believe that we sleep soundly, uninterrupted, unhindered by any satanic or demonic force.
We sleep through the night.
We're not tormented in our sleep.
We don't have bad night terrors.
You have to speak over your sleep.
Father, he gives his beloved restful sleep.
When we sleep, we sleep soundly.
Why?
Because we're resting in His arms.
The Good Shepherd, we shall not want.
He maketh me to lie down in green pastures.
I'm lying down in that lush green grass.
He leads me beside the restful waters.
Why?
That water that's pure and good.
You can just take your hand down and drink it.
It's not full of pollution.
God gives me the good stream.
He gives me the one that has the crystal-clean rocks in there.
You go to man, 'Oh, that looks like I just get a cup, drink it.
' My cup runneth over with His goodness and mercy.
Father, we take this body in the name of Jesus and we thank You, Lord, for all that You've done for me, and I thank You that You died for me and You rose again in Jesus' name.
Now we take the blood and we make much of the blood, and the blood makes much of us just like we heard according to Ephesians.
We thank You, Lord, that we apply the blood.
The blood makes much of us because Jesus' blood never loses its power.
It reaches to the highest mountain, it flows to the lowest valley.
The blood—we apply the blood in Jesus' name.
And we thank You, Father.
We thank You for the blood.
I apply the blood and we make much of the blood.
Thank You for what You did for us in Jesus' name.
Thank You, Lord.
Hallelujah.
You said, 'Well, Brandon, I don't know, but that's not how we do it at church.
' Well, that's how we do it, too.
I don't like religion.
I'll say it a thousand times over.
I'm about relationship and always will be.
It's always about relationship with Brandon.
Jesus is my friend.
I make a place for Him, and Diana makes a place for Him; He always feels comfortable at our house.
He said, 'Hey, you want to come over today and visit?
' He's in my heart.
He dwells in me.
But I always say, 'Man, wouldn't it be cool if He manifests?
We have a real visitation.
Like, He's really there.
You see Him, talk to Him.
' If He did it once, He'll do it again.
You just got to believe.
I say Jesus is visiting us.
He's going to visit us again.
As the deer panteth for the water, so my soul longeth after Thee, Lord.
Get some water, love.
I always wash that out of my mouth so I can pray.
That's why I asked you if you wanted some.
It's good water.
I just opened it.
Thank you.
So, what was I saying about today?
It was something important.
Well, you said He said that you had to stop and take communion first.
But what were you talking about?
Yeah, we were talking about what we said when we were driving down the road and the Lord visited.
I had one little part that I could say, and He was talking about encounters—supernatural encounters.
Believing for supernatural encounters.
But I was talking about what I said prophetically today about the anointing increasing and the anointing to increase was coming in a greater capacity, and that word was amazing.
I'll have to share it again tomorrow because I don't remember all of it.
Some of it was private.
That's why I didn't want you to share the wrong thing.
But it was beautiful.
And my scribe over there, he knows.
I know he knows, but he doesn't know what he can share and what he can't.
But Holy Spirit, what was that that was so beautiful?
Oh, I remember.
The Holy Spirit just told me there's so many that believe that the gifts...
He said, 'I'm...
you're not...
I'm not required.
You feel like you're entitled.
' Entitled.
A lot of people walk with this entitlement.
You think that you don't have to die to self.
He was talking about it being owed: 'The blessings are owed to me.
' And He was talking about the attitude of the believer.
He said, 'You think it's earned?
' He said, 'It's by My grace.
' But Brandon, it is qualified.
You qualify for this level of the glory.
You qualify by the refining fire.
And He was talking about the qualifications of the refining fire, that it's not owed to you.
You qualify when you go into the glorious outpouring.
And He was talking about certain people walking in it and you have this attitude that you don't have to live a holy, separated life unto Him.
And so it was beautiful.
I don't want to butcher it; I'll save it for another day.
But I remember some of it, and I was sitting there going...
we had a time with the Lord today.
Paisley goes, 'I just love it when Jesus visits like that and He talks.
' She goes, 'Oh, I just love it when Jesus talks like that.
' It was really beautiful, wasn't it?
Because we had this time with the Lord.
But I'll go through it and really get it good so I don't deliver and mess it up for y'all.
But it was the way He was talking about the greater glory and how you go from glory to glory and you accelerate, you acclimate.
You accelerate, you acclimate.
And how each level is...
you pass the test.
And He said as you go to these higher levels, as you come up higher with Him, what you did at kindergarten or first grade, you can't do in your Master's or your PhD when you're getting a doctorate.
There's levels of glory.
There's levels of being with Him that He requires more of you as you come up higher.
Thank You, Holy Spirit.
He's given me more.
I remember.
So He said to me, as we pray in the spirit, as you pray in tongues, there's levels of praying in tongues and certain syllables.
There's certain things...
He said, 'Remember, I taught you all that He leads, we follow.
' It's like a dance and like a symphony, and as one brings in their harmony with the flute or the trumpet or whatever, it sounds beautiful, but everybody brings their supply.
But He was teaching me that you can say a lot in tongues.
You can go on autopilot and you can just be there and talk and talk.
Then you go, 'Well, what was that all about?
' But it really wasn't from the innermost being, from your spirit.
You just are praying from your head in the spirit and it's like autopilot.
But He said if you're led in prayer by the Spirit of God by repeating syllables and phrases, the prayer...
He said you can pray 15 minutes in this kind of prayer, and it will be more effective than if you had prayed for hours on autopilot.
A lot of you know what I'm saying—autopilot—you're not engaged.
You're just letting your mind wander and you're praying throughout the house, which is good.
I'm glad you do that; it's better than nothing.
But He said there's a higher level of intercession that you can go and touch things in the spirit realm if you let the Holy Spirit flow through you and how you pray in the spirit and how you yield to Him phrases.
And He said, 'Sometimes I'll have you repeat that same phrase four or five times because it's effective.
' Don't be worried about how it sounds.
It doesn't matter.
It's flowing with the dance.
And if you feel a certain tug inside of your spirit when you're praying that certain way, that syllable or whatever you're getting in tongues, keep hitting that until you feel the dance shift.
And he said that way of prayer is more effective by being led by His Spirit, because He knows not what we should pray, but the Spirit prays through us and for us, which is what the Bible says.
So when you pray by the Spirit, by the leading of the Holy Spirit—and He's the leader of the dance and you're just following as He is the conductor—it doesn't matter what it sounds like to you.
It's what the Holy Spirit is praying through you by yielding to the Holy Spirit.
"Help me to pray.
I need help.
I don't want to pray ineffectively.
" Well, praying in tongues is good, but there's an autopilot tongue.
The Lord said there are different levels of praying in the Spirit and there are different dimensions.
There are different rooms, and most of you will not understand this until you mature.
This is the effective prayer that I'm talking about.
This is like saying you're not in grade school anymore; you're going to middle school or high school.
And that's what the Lord said: this is going from glory to glory.
As you pray this way and you get those cues, you're not leading the prayer.
You're not just saying, "I'm just praying for my family, my son," and just praying in tongues and letting it go.
But when you yield to the Spirit of God and let Him pray through you, you'll feel those cues: "Go here, go here.
" You'll hear it and pray that, and you'll feel that syllable just did something in your spirit because you're being sensitive to the Spirit.
You can feel the Holy Spirit moving and you'll go, "That was effective.
" You can feel it, and you just keep hitting it; it's like hitting the target.
And that's why He said if you can pray 15 minutes that way, it's more effective than praying hours the other way.
He brought up Rachel Teafatiller.
He brought up Sister Wilkerson.
He brought up Sister Lynne Hammond.
He brought up these people who are effective prayer warriors.
And He said, "Brandon, they all graduated from this autopilot.
If you want to come up higher, you must be led by the Spirit, even in praying in the Spirit, and it's more effective.
A few minutes of this is worth hours of it.
" And He said, "You'll accomplish much more.
" But there are deeper, greater rivers of the Spirit other than autopilot tongues.
Pray effectively.
That's why He was instructing me today as we were driving around.
Then He went into talking about the greater glory and what's about to happen with the church and the last outpouring.
He's teaching me atmospheres, notes, and syllables.
He said Kim Clement was developed in certain tunes.
When he hit a certain note on a piano, if you hit it by the Spirit of God, it's the way it flows.
You flow in the Spirit with it, and the Holy Spirit is leading you.
You get different levels of the glory through worship that is not earthly worship; it's heavenly worship.
You're not praying out of your natural mind; you're praying by the Spirit of God and it's flowing out of you.
Out of you shall flow rivers of living water.
Let those rivers flow and you'll go into dimensions in the spirit realm that will forever change your life, because there are levels of the Spirit that you know not of.
I told you that God is endless.
There is no beginning and there is no end.
In Him are dimensions.
He is dimension.
In the spirit realm, there are dimensions of prayer.
I can feel it when you enter into that room, when you enter into what I'm trying to tell you by praying into those syllables and those phrases by the Holy Ghost and allowing the Holy Spirit to flow.
He knows exactly how to pinpoint target prayers concerning your life, and it's more effective than saying, "Well, I'm believing for this.
" He knows exactly what you need before you need it.
So I'm just learning, following the cues in songs and certain notes.
That's what I was talking about to Donna.
She said, "Daddy would do that a lot; he would make us repeat those same phrases over and over again.
" It's not chanting like monks do; they try to copycat the authentic with the counterfeit.
But God's way is so much more beautiful and so much higher.
His ways are higher than our ways; His thoughts are higher than our thoughts.
He is a good God and He is merciful, wonderful, and worthy to be praised.
If we come up higher in these last days with our prayer walk together as a family on this channel, we will be more effective.
If we learn to pray this way together—how much more would 4,500 of us?
I think, Braden, 4,500.
If we could learn all together as a prayer army to pray effectively and let the Holy Spirit lead and learn to flow with the syllables as you feel led, think about what we could get accomplished in the spirit realm.
There's nothing we can't accomplish with the Holy Spirit working through you.
We are more than conquerors, but we have been snared by ignorance.
When we are led by our emotions and not led by the Spirit of God—for those who are led by the Spirit of God are the sons and daughters of God.
We are led by Him and filled with the Holy Ghost in these last days, and that's what's going to be effective.
I want pinpoint target prayers, not praying way over here and way over there.
I want to see the prayer that gets results and changes things.
That's why I'm trying to bring things like this to you and these little pocketbooks, because don't you get tired of doing the same thing and expecting different results while you're still broke or bound?
You've got some devil tormenting your marriage, or your kids are strung out.
Don't you get tired of that?
That's why I told Donna, "I want prayer that changes things.
I want to see results.
" Do you get tired of the world seeming to be at more peace than a lot of Christians?
I talked to one man who said he doesn't even like to do business with Christians; he'd rather do business with the world.
I thought, "Why is that?
" That's not healthy.
But this was a real, legitimate statement from this man.
And I looked at him and I went...
He was sincere.
He goes, 'Because more than likely Christians will backstab you and run you down, and the world won't.
I know what to get from them.
' I looked at him and said, 'I know.
I've been there concerning certain things and business deals.
I understand what you're saying, but not us.
' But not us, right?
We're the salt.
We're the light.
And the world sees it on us.
And as He is, so are we in this world.
I say it over myself all the time: that light would shine on our face and the world would say, 'There's something different about them.
There's something different.
They have a peace that I'm not familiar with.
They have a joy that I'm not familiar with.
They walk in a marriage—their marriage is good.
Their children are healthy.
Their children are obedient, and they've got a light on them.
They're not normal teenagers.
' I'm not familiar with the level of success.
I remember what Pastor Chip said about Jack Nicklaus looking at Tiger Woods while he was out there playing golf.
Pastor Chip said Jack Nicklaus said as they interviewed him, 'What do you think about Tiger Woods?
' and he said Jack Nicklaus was one of the greatest, and he looked over and said, 'I'm not familiar with the success.
I've never seen that before.
I'm not familiar with that.
I'm not familiar with the level of success that Tiger Woods is operating in right now.
' Jack Nicklaus said it, and I thought when he said it, it challenged me: why not you?
Why not me?
Why not us?
The world looks and says, 'I'm not familiar with the success that they're walking in.
' They're blessed.
There are people who are blessed.
There are people who walk in blessing.
There are people who walk in health.
You know what?
I've never seen a family get along like that.
There's peace when I go around them, and you see them in Walmart or whatever; there's just a peace that flows through them.
I'm really not familiar with that, but I want to know about it.
I want to know about what's on the inside.
How do they do that?
How are they successful?
How do they always win?
I want to be a winner.
I don't want a participation trophy.
I want the first-place trophy.
I love that we're in it to win it, to be the head and not the tail, above and not beneath.
And that's why I think prayer that is effective is a winning prayer.
It's not a whining prayer.
You're a believing believer.
God is able to do through you exceedingly, abundantly, above all that you dare ask or think, according to the power that works in you.
And you're a believing believer.
I'm not a doubter.
I'm a believer, and I'm an overcomer by the blood of the Lamb and by the word of my testimony.
You either believe it or you don't.
I'm not a victim.
I'm a victor.
That's what the Lord told me.
He said, 'Braden, you can't be a victim and go on the glory side and the victory side.
A victim doesn't walk on the victory side.
' 'Well, I've had all this.
' The Lord said, 'Brandon, who hasn't had a story?
Everybody has a story.
Everybody's had something hard they've been through in their life.
You're not anything different.
Yeah, you have a child that's overcome special needs, and you've got a child that's overcoming autism, and you've got this stuff going on, but there's somebody else with a worse story than you.
And you can either camp around your sad pity party and how you feel sorry for yourself, but you can look across the street and see somebody that has it a lot worse.
And there's always somebody that's overcoming something different than you are.
' But I refuse to be a victim and not a victor.
The ones that get the job done are the ones that have that bulldog faith and say, 'I refuse.
' As the Lord was driving around today, He said, 'You've got to practice like a champion.
You've got to believe.
' What did Michael Jordan do, in his natural ability, to practice to be a winner?
You've got to think this is the major leagues.
That's what He said to me.
'You've got to think this is the major leagues.
You can't think in the minor leagues.
This isn't college level anymore.
You've got to think and train like a champion.
' That's what Pastor Chip would even tell us.
You can't be thinking the way you're thinking anymore, worried about whatever.
What did Michael Jordan do to get where he is?
What did Derek Jeter do?
What did John Elway do?
What did Troy Aikman, Michael Irvin, or Emmitt Smith, the greats, do to get where they were?
Did they sit and feel sorry for themselves?
No, they acted, and they had a swag that was successful.
After they got to the NFL, after they got to these places, they didn't still act like they did in college.
They didn't act like they did in high school.
You go from glory to glory.
And the only way I can tell you all this, maybe, is to bring it to a natural level for you: sports.
I love sports.
But you go from glory to glory to glory to glory.
And the way you are in the pros is not the way you're going to act when you were in high school.
You've got to carry yourself differently.
You're a victor.
You're a champion.
You've got to train like a champion.
You've got to act like it.
And I'm just trying to help stir you up so you don't have that victim mentality.
Because if you have a victim mentality, you're never going to have a winner's mentality, and you're never going to be able to take over things and say, 'Listen, I've got the ring.
' You know, like Pastor Chip; he has that old championship ring on his finger that he got from the Astros when he was a scout.
It's a different mentality.
So, I want to stretch you to believe bigger, to stretch yourself to think bigger.
You've got to think bigger in these last days and not have that victim mentality.
The Lord corrects me all the time because sometimes I feel sorry for myself.
No, stop that!
I've created you for more than that.
Go back to the fundamentals.
Go back to the basics of Christianity.
Go back to when you're having a hard day.
'How did you get here in the first place, Brandon?
' Spending time with Me.
That was all about the friendship sermon that I told you last time.
Go back to the basics.
Don't forget the fundamentals: reading your Bible, praying in the spirit, and fellowship with Me, singing songs.
Go back to the ABCs.
When you're a goose in the fog, it's like training in war.
They repeat it until it's in that muscle memory.
They just act.
The moment something happens in war, they don't freeze because it's so grounded in them; it's just their muscle memory.
Remember that doctor at the prayer conference?
He said most wrecks always happen within a couple miles of the house because you're on autopilot.
You don't think; you can just go there without even thinking.
You don't even realize what street you're turning down a lot of times because you can be thinking about something else.
And because you have muscle memory—you've done it so many times—your mind doesn't even have to really process within a couple miles of your house.
You can just go there with your eyes closed, basically, because your mind already knows which way it's going to go before you even do it, because it's muscle memory.
Just like that.
That is grounded in you, and that's why we have to be with the word.
It's just in us; you react immediately.
What did you say about first response?
What was your first response whenever he hurt his finger?
When you do these things, what's your first response?
The moment you come into trouble, what's your first response?
Regardless of what you're going through, your first response matters.
Your first response matters.
It's not dropping a bad word or yelling at your kids, your wife, or your dog.
What's your first response?
The word.
It's in you.
It's muscle memory.
What comes out of you out of the abundance of your heart?
The mouth speaks.
What's in abundance in your heart?
Out of the abundance of your heart, the mouth speaks.
What's your first response?
If it's blankety-blank, if it's this or that, then you don't have enough muscle memory.
You know, the word needs to become more of a priority in your life because of the abundance of your heart.
What's in the overflow?
And I challenge myself; I'm speaking to myself.
It's not you.
Brandon messes up.
I dropped something on my toe the other day with the air conditioner guy there, and I'm sure he heard me because I said a bad word.
I'm just being real with you.
And my son looked at me and he goes—I went, 'Well, there is overflow crud.
Something I've got to work on.
The old man came out of that coffin too quick.
' I'm not proud of it, just being real.
And it's embarrassing.
You go, 'Well, that was embarrassing.
You haven't been in the word enough.
The first reaction shouldn't have been that after you dropped that thing on your toe,' and I did.
It hurt.
So, it's just being real.
But we're all a work in progress, and I just tell you that because you need to hear it.
It's good.
People need to hear it.
But I'm going to go from glory to glory.
So I don't want to bore y'all.
I know you say, 'Oh, Brandon, I thought we were here to pray.
' Well, we are.
But I try to tell you all this because that's what I've been dealing with today.
I told Diana, I said we average—if I do an average of two hours of video a day, if I do these live streams five times a week—I told her, I said, 'I do an average of 50-some hours a month of prayer videos with y'all.
' 50-some hours of videos because we were doing the math on it.
And I said that's why a lot of you think you know me so well.
I don't know you at all.
When you come in public, I go—I met a guy yesterday; he goes, 'Oh, I watch you.
I know you so well,' and I'm like, 'I don't know you at all.
' And it's awkward for me, so I'm like, 'Okay, well, praise God.
I don't know you, but you think you know me.
' Okay.
But after you talk to somebody—I said if I spent 50 hours a month talking to Billy Burke, I'd know him really well.
And I'm just sitting here talking to a camera.
But you see, I'm transparent.
I don't try to hype everything up.
I don't try to be something spiritually that I'm not.
Y'all, I just try to go, 'Hey, we're all going to get through this and we're going to make it together.
' I may be the leader right now in what God's called me to do, but I just tell you all, 'Hey, we all got issues and we all got stuff we're working through and we're all a work in progress.
' And I don't care who you are.
You put your clothes on the same way.
You all take a poo.
You all stink.
You have to take a bath every single day.
If you don't, you start smelling like B.
O.
It's just part of life.
You eat, you brush your teeth, and if you don't, your breath stinks.
And I'm no different than you.
I just told Diana, I said, 'I'm just hungry.
We're just hungry.
' How much do you do the fundamentals?
How much do you do what it takes to be a champion?
Do you want to be the Michael Jordan in faith, that you've got what it takes to be the next Michael Jordan spiritually?
I'm just saying it's a metaphor.
But you've got to do what nobody else is willing to do to get there.
You can't act like that and just have a mentality of 'I deserve it; it's mine.
' You've got to train like a champion.
You've got to train like a champion spiritually.
If you want what a champion has, you've got to train like a champion does.
You can't act like you did in high school.
You've got to come up higher.
And the Lord told me, he said, 'It's not required for me to do it.
You have to be as dedicated as an Olympian.
' Yes.
It's not just going to happen, Brandon.
To come up higher requires more of you, but it's not something you deserve.
Like, 'Oh, I automatically qualify for this.
' It's more of Him, less of you.
He said, 'The more you give of me, you get of me, and the more I have of you.
If you train like a champion, you're going to be here.
But if you don't, I'm not required to give it to you.
' You confess your sins, all that is different than you walking like a champion.
It's a bulldog mentality.
He said, 'You can't be a victim.
You've got to be a victor.
' And that's the stuff he's rebuking me about.
I'm just being real with y'all.
That's what he talked to us about.
If you want to walk like a winner, you've got to think like a winner.
If you want to be successful, you've got to think successful.
You can't sit there and think all the thoughts you've been thinking.
Out of your abundant heart, your mouth speaks.
You've got to change your thinking.
You've got to come up higher.
If you want to be successful, if you want to be where the big boys are, you've got to act like a big boy.
'Oh, the devil's been messing with us.
I had this going on.
' Oh, no.
The Lord said, 'You can't talk that way.
' So I'm just telling you what he's dealing with me about.
So maybe that helps you, maybe it doesn't.
But there's Brandon.
So, if you all want to pray with us now, you can.
We love you.
And we're going to jump in the river.
Who wants to go tubing for a little bit?
We can tube for about an hour and thirty, somewhere in there.
We'll see how the Spirit leads.
So, who wants to tube for a little bit?
Anybody want to go tubing?
Me!
I want to go.
Let's go.
Holy Spirit, you lead, we follow.
Thank you, Father.
Open the eyes of my heart, Lord.
Open the eyes of my heart.
I want to see you.
Open the eyes of my heart, Lord.
Open the eyes of my heart.
I want to see you.
To see you high and lifted up, shining in the light of your glory.
Pour out your power and love as we sing holy, holy, holy.
High and lifted up, shining in the light of your glory.
Open the eyes of my heart, Lord.
Open the eyes of my heart.
I want to see you.
I want to see you change us, Father, from glory to glory.
He's changing me, changing me, changing me.
His likeness and image to perfect in me.
The love of God shown to the world.
For he's changing.
He's changing me from earthly things to the heavenlies.
His likeness and image to perfect in me.
The love of God shown to the world.
From glory to glory, he's changing me, changing me, changing me.
His likeness and image to perfect in me.
The love of God shown to the world.
For he's changing.
He's changing me from earthly things to the heavenlies.
His likeness and image to perfect in me.
The love of God shown to the world from glory to glory.
He's changing me, changing me, changing me.
His likeness and image to perfect in me.
The love of God shown to the world.
For he's changing.
He's changing me from earthly things to the heavenlies.
His likeness and image to perfect in you.
The love of God shown to the world.
Do you believe that?
From glory to glory, he's changing us into his likeness and image to perfect in us the love of God shown to the world, for he's changing us.
I got it too high; my voice is still not healed all the way.
He said that was bad—from earthly things to the heavenlies.
He said, 'Look, his likeness and image to perfect in us the love of God shown to the world.
' Glory to God.
Isn't he wonderful?
Isn't Jesus wonderful?
Go get that sweatshirt, Braden.
I want to show that; it's so precious.
It's in the closet.
Isn't Jesus wonderful?
I was so excited about this.
So, Father, we worship you.
Thank you, Father, for all that you've done and all that you're going to do.
Thank you, Father, for the glory.
I feel his presence so strong, Diana.
I love it whenever he shows up like that.
I'm getting blessed by myself.
I just go, 'Oh, thank you, Father.
I just love him.
' So, thank you, Father, for all that you've done, because he could have called 10,000 angels to destroy the world and set him free.
Look, isn't that cool?
I was going to wear it next time.
I'm sorry I showed you.
Jesus is wonderful.
I love it.
We got that at our church; they did it to sponsor the youth.
I thought it was so cool.
Isn't that awesome?
Isn't Jesus wonderful?
Kenneth Hagin said that when he was being persecuted real bad by the media and stuff, he stopped in the middle of his meeting and just said, 'Isn't Jesus wonderful?
' Well, he called a board meeting and they all showed up.
They thought it was going to be really terrible, but he just sat there, and the first words out of his mouth were, 'Isn't Jesus wonderful?
' Instead of focusing on the drama, he asked, 'Isn't Jesus wonderful?
' I love my mic; sorry.
I love Brother Hagin.
He was a good man.
Wouldn't it be cool if he was still here?
Yes.
Isn't Jesus wonderful?
I have a notebook that I take my notes in when I'm doing my Bible studies and stuff.
It's special.
He's ready to go.
This is interesting.
I see a big toe with a toenail.
That's interesting.
I plead the blood over all visions, over everything that you have for us, Father, that I'll not be snared by any kind of demonic spirit.
I thank you, Lord, that I only see and hear what you want me to hear and see in the name of Jesus.
Father, I thank you, Lord.
I plead the blood over my eyes and over my eye gate.
Thank you, Lord, for the things of the spirit, that we're led by the spirit.
For those that are led by the spirit of God are the sons of God.
There, I still see it.
I'm going to pray over your toe.
If you're believing God for a brand new toe, something's going on with that toe.
It's like an infected toe and your toenail is hurting.
I pray over your toe in the name of Jesus.
I call healing and wholeness and wellness over ingrown toenails in Jesus' name.
I see an infection on this toe.
It's like your toe is kind of chubby, and I'm not trying to be disrespectful to you, but your toenail is really rotten on it.
It's all on the side over here, and it's like there's an infection on this toe.
The Lord Jesus, I believe, is wanting to heal this toe right now in the name of Jesus.
You have an infection in your big toe on your foot, and I call healing and wholeness and wellness over this toe in Jesus' name.
All infection be gone.
I call a brand new toenail.
It looks almost like it has gangrene on it.
Like it's rotten.
Maybe from diabetes.
Yeah, that's it.
Do you hear me?
I see it.
As the Lord said, 'That's it.
' It's like an infection from diabetes.
That's amazing.
I heard in the spirit, he said, 'That's it.
You did it.
That's it.
That's what I'm asking for.
' It's an infection from diabetes.
You've got this toe that is trying to get gangrene.
It's rot from diabetic nerve damage and damage from diabetes on your toe.
In fact, the doctor is talking about removing—I hear the spirit of the Lord say the doctor is telling you they're going to remove your toe.
But I speak to that toe to be healed and whole and well in the name of Jesus.
Every bit of that infection, every bit of that gangrene, every bit of that black—it's like black all over; it looks really nasty.
I speak in the name of Jesus for healing and wholeness and wellness.
And it's tried to move over to the next toe slightly.
It's over on the next toe.
You're saying, 'No, you're not taking my toe.
You're not taking my toe.
' That's what you keep saying.
We thank you, Holy Spirit.
You're touching that toe right now in the name of Jesus.
All of it, the infection, clearing it out.
And Father, I thank you by the time they get up in the morning, it could be completely healed and whole and well in the name of Jesus, restoring everything the devil's tried to steal.
Healing and wholeness and wellness over that toe in Jesus' mighty name.
That's the glory of God today.
I believe the glory of God is on you today.
I believe it.
The toe will be restored in Jesus' name.
And Father, I thank you.
Not only do you heal the toe, but you heal the diabetes also.
We speak healing and wholeness and wellness over diabetics in Jesus' name.
We speak deliverance over diabetes from type 2 to type 1.
I speak healing and wholeness and wellness over that pancreas in Jesus' name.
Father, redeem from the curse of the law that the blood sugar straightens out.
I call the fire of God over that pancreas, over that digestive system in the name of Jesus and these weight issues of obesity.
I speak in the name of Jesus healing and wholeness and wellness from the top of your head to the soles of your feet.
We call blood sugars to line up.
We call restoration of the blood in Jesus' name.
Nerve damage be healed and whole and well in the name of Jesus.
Restoration of all things even in the calves and the legs.
Nerve damage being healed and whole.
I see healing and wholeness in the fingers in Jesus' name.
I speak over the pancreas to be healed and whole and well in the name of Jesus.
Some of you, this is a demonic spirit; you had a cultic assignment assigned to you through an elder.
I see this demon.
It looks like a python.
You had hands laid on you and there is an impartation of a demonic spirit that has been set on you.
And the Lord Jesus Christ rebuke that devil in Jesus' name.
And you're free from it from the top of your head to the soles of your feet.
I see it.
I don't know who laid hands on you, but they shouldn't have; it was imparted.
Do not let people touch you unaware quickly.
Well, there's this scripture—Love, help me with this scripture.
Don't let people touch you, and you don't know those that are laboring among you.
There's a scripture.
I need you to help me with that scripture.
'Lay hands on no man suddenly.
' Thank you, Holy Ghost.
The Lord just said it.
'Lay hands on no man suddenly.
' That's what the scripture is.
And you shouldn't let people be just touching you all the time.
This was imparted by somebody.
1 Timothy 5:22.
'And lay hands suddenly on no man, neither be partaker of other men's sins; keep thyself pure.
' Don't be touching people quickly.
Know those that labor among you.
This was imparted.
This is a demonic spirit.
I see it, and it looked almost like a demon of black electricity.
God's electricity is white, like lightning bolts, but this was a demonic electricity with yellow eyes, shaped like electricity, and it went through you like a current.
This demonic spirit of diabetes was assigned to you demonically, and the Lord Jesus wants to set you free from it.
That is such a strong word.
I see it so clearly.
I don't know who this is, but I know you're watching and the Lord is setting you free.
This is a demonic spirit that has been assigned by the laying on of hands.
Just as the Holy Ghost can be imparted, the devil can be imparted.
Do you understand?
Don't let people touch you all the time.
When people say, 'I have to pray for you,' I tell them, 'Do not touch my family or me without the Holy Ghost leading you.
' People say I got aggressive; I said I'd break their fingers.
I meant it.
I don't mean to be rude, but I'm telling you, don't touch me unless the Holy Spirit leads me to let you.
Even with guest speakers at the front of the church, you see Brandon Biggs and think, 'Don't go up there,' because the Holy Spirit said, 'Don't let them touch you.
' I don't let everyone touch me.
I only have certain people I go to.
I don't let just anyone pray for me; I let the Holy Spirit lead me.
Sister Lynn was up there, and it was said, 'You can have her pray for you.
' Things are imparted by the laying on of hands, both good and bad.
You need wisdom concerning this, and most people do not have it.
They trust too easily.
You must have wisdom.
Don't allow everyone to impart into you unless you feel led by the Spirit of God.
I am trying to tell you from experience: do not let people touch you unless you know them or are familiar with the Holy Ghost in them.
Be watchful.
I am telling you this because of my own past ignorance.
Be smart about this.
I just saw a demonic spirit, looking like a black electric devil, that was imparted to someone.
It went into you and caused diabetes, and it's trying to take your toes.
Resist it.
Say, 'I repent.
' Father, we call it to go out in Jesus' name.
We speak to you; you are free in the name of Jesus.
Demonic spirit, leave them.
Spirit of diabetes, be healed and whole in Jesus' name.
Do not walk in fear, but be watchful and know those who labor among you.
That was a very strong word.
The other part concerned heart problems and heart palpitation problems.
You didn't know why these palpitation problems started.
You started having a heart arrhythmia.
I hear the word 'heart arrhythmia'—irregular heartbeats.
It is all by impartation.
Some may not agree with all of it, but concerning certain individuals, this relates to the diabetic issue.
I believe it is for one person, but if you receive it for yourself, say, 'I believe I am healed.
' Piggyback on the word.
There is an impartation you got from the demonic even concerning your heart.
The heartbeats are bad; they are flutters.
I see it clearly: heart flutters.
You have been dealing with this for a while, but there is an expiration date on what you are going through.
Today is that expiration date.
The demonic spirit sent to destroy you, God is going to turn around for His glory, and you will deliver many people with the same issues.
I also see spirits of depression that have been imparted.
You have been walking with a cloud of darkness over your head.
You feel like Eeyore from the Winnie the Pooh cartoon, thinking everything is bad.
There is a darkness on your mind, but the Lord is delivering you and turning that frown upside down.
The Lord says it is time for days of great joy in your household.
You have been sad long enough; this assignment of depression, anxiety, and worry is over.
That imparted devil is going away now in Jesus' name.
He gives us a spirit of joy, peace, love, and a sound mind.
You may ask where your joy has gone.
The Lord also said this has to do with finances.
You are imparting your tithe into bad ground.
I am going to be bold and say it: you are tithing to a church that is not frugal with your money.
Not all ground produces the same—some thirty, some sixty, some a hundredfold.
You have had questions about where you have been giving because something didn't feel right.
You felt there was corruption, but you stayed out of loyalty.
You are sowing into cankerworms, and they are eating your harvest because you keep sowing into ground where they are doing bad things with your money.
Look for fruit.
Fruit is a representation of the root.
If the fruit is bad, the root is rotten.
Look at what the fruit does.
Are people getting set free?
Are they learning to stand on their authority as believers and fight the good fight of faith?
Do you understand what I am saying?
I am trying to translate what I see in the spirit into English.
When I am relaying a vision, I often check if it makes sense because I am looking into the spirit realm.
You communicated it well.
Thanks, love.
I see a tree, and I could spend all night describing every vision I have seen.
The Lord said this tree would bear much fruit if you do that.
I see a ministry, and the Lord sees this ministry.
I see a tree and the tree goes up like this; it's big and it's green.
It looks like a massive oak tree.
It's a beautiful tree on the outside when you're glancing at it.
But the tree is rotten with worms, termites, and infection.
You can actually touch it and the tree starts to crumble inside.
But then you look up inside the fruit of the tree, and there are worms and bird holes; the fruit is rotten, but the tree from a glance looks beautiful.
This is a ministry that you're giving into.
This is a big tree.
You understand?
It wasn't a little shrub; this is something big.
But there's something going on in the core of it, and so it is rotten inside.
So watch the fruit.
Watch the fruit of where you give.
You say, "Well, what's going on with my money, I guess?
" I remember when the Lord said to us—we were sowing into a particular church, and the pastor was dealing with adultery.
He was keeping it secret for two years.
Two years messing around on his wife, and it started trickling over the congregation.
The people on staff started having adulterous affairs.
He was like, "Man, all these marriages are falling apart.
What is going on with sister so-and-so cheating on her husband and brother so-and-so cheating on his wife?
" It was spreading, and you go into the congregation and realize something's going on.
Men were dealing with so much pornography and sexual perversion, and you're thinking, "Something's going on; this isn't normal.
" We started watching.
It was hidden.
I started watching, and the Lord said, "Start praying into this.
I want to show you something," because I was dealing with stuff I never dealt with before.
I told her, "Something's wrong, Diana, because this is a spirit.
What is this?
" I started backing away from the tithe and from other things, and the Lord started teaching us stuff.
I'm trying to tell you this by the Spirit of God.
The Lord started giving us dreams.
We started praying into it.
What I'm trying to tell you is that you need to know those who labor among you.
Do not trust so easily.
As it was with the head of the church, it started trickling down to where you tithe and where you go to church.
You say, "I never dealt with this before.
" I'm not blaming only the head of that church, but if you start seeing a lot of other people in that church dealing with the same thing, you start questioning yourself.
Put it together; it's a picture, and the Lord is trying to warn you.
Now, it's not always that way.
Sometimes it's just you, and you have to deal with your flesh in other areas.
It's all flesh, don't get me wrong, but I'm saying it starts trickling down onto the congregation and you can start to see it.
That's what it was in this circumstance.
It starts on the fruit of the tree and is distributed among the people, and you realize something is not right here.
I say that's why poop rolls downhill; that's what happens.
I'm just trying to be real with you.
It's stuff we've learned.
You start watching and realize something isn't right.
Be watchful.
Seeds are very important where you sow financially and who is laying hands on you.
Watch those things in these last days.
Do not trust so easily.
Be watchful.
That's why Diana and I will sow a little bit to test the ground.
We watch the ground and say, "Okay, we've tested it; now be watchful over that.
" Then we say, "Show us, Holy Spirit, how this ground is.
" When you trust it, then you come and dump a lot.
You say, "Listen, here is more," and I see how you handle that.
If they don't handle it right, you don't do that anymore, or you only do what the Spirit of God leads you.
I believe in tithing.
I believe in sowing and reaping, and I believe whatsoever a man sows, that will he also reap.
I believe in thirty, sixty, and a hundredfold.
I'm required to tithe by my Holy Father because I'm helping the kingdom, but I always watch how I sow my seeds.
The Lord has blessed me, and He'll say, "Brandon, don't do that again.
" Find the good ground.
Be smart with where you give.
It's more important than you realize.
People flippantly just do things, but it's the difference between life and death for some.
You need to hear me; I'm telling you something I've learned.
Do not give by emotion; give by the Spirit of the Lord.
You can be led by emotion, and people will manipulate you.
A good preacher praying—praise the Lord—might say, "Oh, we have a need," while playing the keyboard, and you feel you have to sow a seed.
I'm not trying to meddle, but there is spiritual, charismatic flakiness.
It is always a biblical principle to give.
Give, and it shall be given unto you: good measure, pressed down, shaken together, and running over.
But know those who labor among you and where you are giving, knowing how you sow a seed.
If you have a need, sow a seed.
That's why we are strategic in everything we do.
If we don't see fruit there, we don't do it ever again.
There have been times where we have tested the ground and there has been no fruit, almost to the point where it is devoured in front of your face.
We don't do that again.
Be like a good farmer.
A farmer knows where to plant the seed to get a good harvest.
He's not going to put it in a river bottom because it will wash away.
The farmer knows if he puts it in a good mix of soil, there will be a good harvest that's not full of Roundup.
I'm trying to help you.
I saw this by the Spirit of God because of what I saw in this tree.
I didn't mean to go this way, but the Lord said I could.
There are Baptists and Catholics on here—all kinds of people—and you really need to know where you're sowing.
Be watchful over that.
This isn't just about finances; I don't care about that.
I'm telling you this to help you.
There is harvester ground, warrior ground, and scholar ground.
Not all ground produces the same.
Watch who's a scholar and who's a harvester.
When I need prayer warriors, I sow into the warrior ground.
When I need a major harvest financially, I sow into harvester ground.
When I sow into scholar ground is when I need wisdom.
And I sow into certain ground.
Brandon, you're getting way off.
This is something that Dee and I pray; we pray and we sow into certain ministries based on how they are as teachers, prophets, and the anointing on their ministry.
What's on their ministry?
What do they impart when they're in ministry?
That's what I'm trying to tell y'all.
What do they do?
How do they operate?
Are they prayer warriors like Sister Billie?
They're like barbarians, man; they'll cut the devil in half.
I go to Billie Burke.
Healing ground, harvester ground, amazing ground.
You find ground where you have a need, and you sow a seed.
So I sow and strategically give where the Lord shows me things like this, and I say, 'Listen, I'm under spiritual attack.
' I go and I sow into spiritual ground like that and I say, 'Lord, I'm believing God for a harvest of this prophetic.
' I need to sow into the prophetic.
'Lord, I'm having problems hearing you or whatever.
' So you sow into the prophetic.
I sow into that, because whatever a man sows, that will he also reap.
I've seen it.
Healing ground, pastoral ground—it's beautiful the way the five-fold ministry is all set up.
Is the mic bad?
I can't hear it.
No, it's okay.
Like I said, let's just keep praying.
I start talking too much again, but Holy Spirit, you showed us all those things so far.
There has been great manipulation when it has come to finances, and people have been very wounded from this in the body of Christ, especially in the charismatic circle.
God is restoring trust back.
That's what He wants to say.
There have been many hearts wounded because of what they would consider the prosperity gospel.
God is a God of blessing, but there has been great hurt and wounds concerning prosperity preaching.
There is a bad taste in a lot of people's mouths because of the way the church has handled it, and it has been abused through manipulation and unbiblical use of the platform as a blessing club.
It has made people—the distaste in the world—totally leave the church because of it.
There has been a lot of corruption concerning people abusing their platforms, but I'm seeing this was the enemy's plan to rob the body to the point where people don't give at all anymore.
They don't help out with ministries because of this, and I don't blame them; they were hurt.
There is corruption in it, and it's a perversion.
But the Lord is restoring the relationship that was robbed because of mistrust of these preachers.
There's great blessing in it, but it was so abused in the early 2000s and the '90s that it got off-balance.
People got so upset that they left and went far right and said, 'We don't trust anything at all.
' But the Lord said, 'We're now bringing restoration in the hearts of these people.
' He's bringing correction to the preachers that did it.
There's a purifying of the house because judgment begins in the house of the Lord.
God is restoring the hurt that people have gone through.
He wants your relationship and your friendship back where you trust.
It wasn't the Lord that hurt you; it was just people.
The love of money is the root of all evil.
When you start loving money and materialism, if God can't get it through you, He won't get it to you.
But you see manipulation—'if you give this certain amount, you're going to get this much'—and they lay hands on you and you fall out and all the glory.
I said if I fall out, I better get up changed.
In fact, when I was up there, I resisted it.
Even Sister Lynn, when she was up there, she said, 'Just yield, Brandon,' because I was fighting it.
I'm like, 'You're going to have to knock me on my hiney.
I'm not falling until I have authentic power.
' I'm just being real.
I get tired of the charismatic flakiness.
You're going to have to knock me on my hiney by the Holy Ghost and fire.
I want real.
I put my head against him like, 'Put your hand on me, and I want the Holy Ghost to lock me down with electricity.
' I don't want anyone to push me down.
That's why I say it, but I'm looking for it.
And whenever I finally yield, I say, 'Touch me,' and boom, the power of God knocked me on my hiney.
Get your flesh out of the way.
That's what I'm trying to tell you all.
There comes a point where you can resist it and you don't let the Holy Spirit move through you because you're so used to not wanting charismatic flakiness.
You go, 'God, I just want authentic.
I'm hungry for you.
' There's been an abuse of it, and you just want Jesus.
You want something authentic, and that's what I'm after.
My job is to never lead you wrong.
I never want to bring spiritual confusion or static into this prophetic movement where everyone and their brother is prophesying on YouTube, bringing confusion into the body of Christ.
I'd rather not do anything at all because I told the Lord I don't want to be a voice in that.
That's why I don't label myself as a prophet; I'm a watchman.
If I see something and I pray it away, that's my job.
I don't want to be part of the confusion.
We want authenticity in these last days.
So many people have been hurt by so much weirdness.
Does anybody else agree?
You walk away wounded and say, 'I don't care if I ever go back to church.
' But you're just dealing with people, and everyone has flesh and issues.
So I don't put a lot of merit in people anymore; I put it in Jesus.
People will let you down—pastors, prophets, and evangelists—because we're all just human and saved by grace.
But the only person who's never going to let you down is Jesus Christ, and He's here to help us win the race.
I want to live long and finish strong with a good marriage and my kids raised up well, so when we get to the other side, He says, 'Well done, thou good and faithful servant.
' Don't get caught up in the charismatic hype.
Let's just be real, love the Lord, and pray for healings and deliverances as we operate in the giftings He told us to use.
I want to bring from my heart—my job, I feel, is always to bring stability back to what was flaky.
The gifts and callings of God are without repentance, and the Holy Spirit moves and flows on people, and it's authentic.
I've experienced the authentic, but it's not a show.
It's just raw Holy Ghost.
That's why I've been so attracted to Billy Burke.
He's my friend.
And I look at him and I go, 'He's authentic.
' These people are authentic.
Not saying he's always...
you know, they don't have any issues.
I don't know him personally in his private life—barely—but I can tell you from what I do, discerning what I see, he's a good man.
I'm very careful who I endorse, but I tested it and you start to build that trust and you go, 'There's something there.
' You recognize the same Holy Ghost, His presence.
I even watch his eyes, and you don't even know I'm looking.
I look at his eyes and I say, 'It's the same.
I see my Father.
He's my friend.
It's Jesus.
' I can see Him in their eyes.
I see Jesus.
The eyes are the gateway to the soul.
You can see it.
I see Jesus.
You're familiar with Him when He visits.
It's not flaky.
I feel His presence so strong right now, Diana.
That's why I haven't moved from this place, because I know there are so many people that are just wanting restoration in their hearts.
You come here to Diana and me and we pray with you, and you trust us, and I don't take that lightly.
We've been wounded greatly by a lot of good leaders, bad leaders, by people that were big leaders, and you walk away crushed.
You just look at it and you go, 'Man, I know they're just human and we put them on a pedestal.
' But there are so many of you that have left.
I say, 'Where do you go to church?
' I come across people all the time.
'I don't go to church anymore.
I refuse to go to church.
I don't like church anymore.
I watch you online, Brandon.
' I'm like, 'Wow, what hurt you?
' Pastors—I say, 'Yeah, I know they're human.
They've got issues just like I've got issues.
' But I just know that the Holy Spirit's wanting to restore some people tonight.
There are so many times I wouldn't go to church.
You couldn't pay me a million dollars to go to church.
I was so angry at things.
I said, 'I don't care if they offered me a winning lottery ticket.
' I'll be quite frank with you.
I'll use the word.
I said, 'They can all go to hell.
' That's what I said.
They can all go to hell.
I don't want to do anything with them.
And I was wounded so bad by so many people.
And I realize that they're just people.
But God wants to restore back what you have let hurt you so bad, and He wants a freshness.
I want you to find Him again.
I want you to have an authentic relationship with Him again where you're able to go and sit in a church service and get blessed by it—not about the money or about laying hands on the sick.
Your relative might have died from a disease, and the first thing they say is, 'Well, you must have had sin in your life, brother, because that's what happened.
' Or Charlie Kirk died because he didn't apply the blood.
'Well, if he would have known his authority and he would have been walking in it, he wouldn't have died.
' Those words hurt.
And I've heard it before.
I've been told that: 'Well, Charlie Kirk died because he didn't know his authority.
Because if he would have known his authority and he would have done it, he wouldn't have died.
' And you want to go, 'How do you know that?
' I was told the same thing about Megan: 'You must have had sin in your life, Brandon, because you've got a daughter with special needs.
She's autistic because you have sin in your life.
It must be a demon, and you need to cast those demons out.
' And do you know how many times I went to try to find deliverance and everything?
Because I listened to charismatic flakiness.
'Please cast the devil out of her.
Help me.
' I don't know if it's a devil; I'm just looking for somebody to help me because I'm in the middle of this pit and I can't get out.
And I'm hurting bad.
My marriage is suffering.
I'm suffering.
We're financially broke.
We filed bankruptcy.
We've got all this stuff going on and we're struggling.
We can't get out of this hole.
But we've got some preacher telling us it's because we've got sin in our lives.
But I'm going to tell you this: sometimes we live in a fallen world and bad things happen to good people.
I don't know why.
It just happens.
But it's not because you sometimes don't use your authority, because I've seen some people use their authority that were real jerks—spiritually big-headed, like celebrities—and you go, 'Oh, come on.
Get off of your high horse.
' The more I get in this and the bigger my platform gets, I see it and I refuse to.
But I understand sometimes that people try to put people like you—you're the answer to their problems.
And it's like one young man said, 'I'm not letting go until you bless me, Brandon.
I'm going to talk to you until you bless me.
There's an anointing on you, and I want you to help me with my crypto.
I want you to help me do this.
I want you to do that.
And I'm not going to let you go until you bless me.
' And I go, 'But I'm not the source.
Jesus is the source.
I can't bless you.
I can't do anything outside of Him.
I don't know anything.
I can't even give you a word.
The only thing is, I'm completely yielded to the Holy Ghost on this channel.
Anything else is just Brandon and it is stinky.
I can't do anything without Him.
' And that's why I want you to know: God wants to restore back the joy that you've lost because of it.
That's what He said to me when I was praying right then.
He said, 'I want to restore back that hurt that people have in their heart because of charismatic flakiness where you're just wounded.
' And God wants to bring joy in your marriage again, joy back in your hearts again where you can go back and enjoy church and enjoy just having fellowship.
And if you don't want to, that's great.
It might take a work in progress just like it was for us.
You come here and pray with us.
We'll be your church.
We'll pray with you.
We'll love you.
We'll be a shoulder for you to cry on—maybe not physically, but maybe through the camera.
All I know is I cried a lot of tears and I had a lot of sleepless nights and there was a lot of pain, but Jesus delivered me from it, and He delivered Diana.
And we learned to trust again, and we learned to walk again, and now we've learned to run again.
We learned to walk on the water and this is what we're doing.
But I'm here to tell you that Jesus has a plan for your life.
And it's not for you to hide behind the walls of your house.
It's not for you to hide and say, 'Well, I can't go to church.
People are mean.
There's a bunch of hypocrites.
' Yeah, there is a bunch of hypocrites at church.
There's a bunch of flakiness at church.
But I'm going to tell you this: they're all just people that are just trying, like you, to get on the other side.
We're just people, man.
They're just people.
But I want you tonight to really search your heart.
And you may need a fresh start with the Lord.
You may be here tonight and you're watching this and you're saying, 'Brandon, could you just pray for me?
I'd like to come home.
I'd like to give church another try.
I'd like to give Jesus another try.
' I was wounded by the prosperity gospel.
I was ruined.
I was wounded by the healing...
I was wounded by all these things.
And my dad, my mom, they were mean to me about it.
My cousins or whatever.
I don't know.
Whoever it was that hurt you—your pastor, whatever.
But tonight, I want you to get special prayer.
I want to pray for you and I want you just to get real with God tonight.
When you get real with God, God will become real to you.
Say, "Father, I'm coming home.
I'm not going to let anybody else keep me from you.
I'm running to you like the prodigal son, the prodigal daughter.
Tonight, I want a clean start.
" If this is ministering to you and you feel that stirring on the inside of you, I want you to put in the comment section right now, "Brandon, this is ministering to me.
I need you to pray for me.
I want to come home today.
" I was wounded by preachers.
I was wounded by evangelists.
I was wounded by this.
But tonight I want to give God a fresh start.
I want you to pray for me to shake off all this bitterness that I have towards people.
I ask you to help me.
I want to release this bitterness and the anger that I have towards people.
There's no one that's ever going to help you other than Jesus Christ.
But I'm trying to tell you this: we have one last call.
He told me, "I'm standing at the door, Brandon.
I'm waiting.
But I'm leaving the 99 to go after the one.
" And tonight, I believe there's a lot of ones out there.
You're in the back field.
You're wounded.
You have a gaping wound on your side.
You're hobbling along.
You're barely getting by spiritually, but you come here as a place of oasis because Diana and I just try to be real.
There's no performance with us.
I told her, "If I turn off the channel tomorrow, I'll go back to doing what I've always done: selling on eBay, selling on Poshmark.
" I enjoy it and we love it; it's a fun job.
All this has been—I don't want to say a distraction—it's a ministry, but it's a new thing that God's wanting us to do.
If this ended, we'd just go back to doing what we always did.
I'd probably get a couple of dogs and start selling some dogs again and raising really cute puppies.
I enjoy that.
Find something that you love to do and do it, and it won't be work to you.
If you dread it, your life will be miserable.
But I want you tonight to search your heart.
And if this is ministering to you and you feel in your heart, "I'd just like to have a fresh start with the Father," Diana and I want to pray for you right now.
But I want you to be bold about it and tell us in the comment section down below if this is you: "I need a new start.
I'd like to have prayer.
Brandon, will you help me pray?
I'm hurt and I'm wounded.
" Is there anybody?
If there's not, that's okay.
I just wanted to know if there's anybody out there that needs prayer—anybody out there that's just feeling like they're at the dead end of their road.
I just need help.
I just need prayer.
I need a friend.
I need somebody to pray for me.
So, I'm going to pray for you right now, and I want you to mean it with your whole heart.
Repeat this prayer after me and say it with your heart.
Ask God to fix it and heal it, because the only one that's ever going to become real and fix this is Jesus Christ.
Pastors are just people.
So say: "Father, I come to you boldly to your throne, and I repent for taking offense at whoever offended me, whoever it may be.
" You mention their name and I forgive them right now.
I forgive them for hurting me.
I forgive them for wounding me.
Lord God, I ask you tonight for a fresh start.
I release them to you.
I release the people that have wounded me so deeply.
I release them to you and I ask you, Father, that you deal with this.
Cleanse it out of me.
I release it, and I'll not hold on to the grudge and the bitterness anymore.
The Bible says, "Love takes no account of a suffered wrong.
" I release it, Father.
I thank you that you are love, and you cleanse me from that bitterness and that anger tonight.
Lord, I believe you're the Son of God.
I believe that you died for me and you rose again on the third day.
I thank you, Lord, that I have a fresh, clean start with you.
I thank you that my name is written in the Lamb's Book of Life.
I ask you, Father, to fan that flame on the inside of me.
I thank you, Father, that I become bolder and more on fire, more sold out for you than I've ever been before.
My mind is no longer a trash can for the devil to come and spew his stuff in.
I dedicate my heart and my mind to you, that I would get in your word daily and pray daily, and I make it a habit in my life to put you first.
Thank you, Lord, that from this day forward, I serve you.
I turn my back on the world and the devil.
Any doors I've opened through bitterness, hatred, envy, or plain anger, I just release it.
Flood my heart with love, Lord.
I forgive them and I ask you to forgive me for holding a grudge.
Forgive me, Lord, and I forgive them in Jesus' name.
Amen and amen.
Do you believe that tonight?
I believe that you have a fresh, clean start.
You're just shaking all that stuff off from people hurting you.
It's okay; you forgave them.
I release them.
I'm free and full of love.
"Father, forgive me for holding a grudge.
I shouldn't have done it.
I forgive them.
" It doesn't feel good.
I always practice that.
When the enemy tries to come and say, "Don't you remember that?
", I say, "No, I forgave him.
" The Lord's forgiven me for holding a grudge.
I'm not going to allow you to spew your trash in my head anymore.
I forgave him; it's under the blood, and I'm moving on with the Lord.
This is not holding me back anymore.
No turning back.
I must choose to follow Jesus.
I have decided to follow Jesus.
No turning back.
Praise the Lord.
540 people have decided tonight to have a fresh, clean start.
I'm so excited for you.
I rejoice with all 540 of you.
That's a great altar call.
Jesus loves you so much, and he's so excited you've come back home.
You released all that stuff.
You weren't far; you were just wounded.
But God loves you and he's so excited that you've given him a second chance.
Do you feel refreshed?
I feel that refreshing.
It's like a washing, like an abundance of rain.
Holy Ghost rain is coming.
Thank you for the rain, God.
Let the rain fall.
I hear the rain.
It's a new song.
I'm singing it out of my heart.
Thank you, Father.
Oh, Father, we forgive them.
We forgive the husband that treated us bad.
You might have come from an abusive relationship.
He might have been narcissistic, treating you bad.
She might have been the same.
We forgive our ex-husbands and ex-wives.
We forgive the narcissistic husband that was abusive verbally and physically.
We forgive that man that beat me.
I forgive the woman that was verbally abusive.
I'm running to you like the prodigal son, the prodigal daughter.
If this is ministering to you and you feel that stirring in on the inside of you, I want you to put in the comment section right now...
:"say, 'Brandon, this is ministering to me.
I forgive them for wounding me".
Of course, the above processing assumes Lord, forgive them.
Forgive me for holding a grudge.
Lord, I don't want to hold a grudge towards my abusive spouse anymore.
I forgive them.
Father, they did bad things to my children.
They hurt my kids.
Father, I forgive them.
Father, I ask you to forgive me.
Help me let it go.
I'm not going to let them have a space in my mind rent-free anymore.
I'm not going to let them do it anymore.
I walk in love.
Love takes no account of a suffered wrong.
I forgive my ex-husband.
I forgive my ex-wife.
I forgive him.
Father, I ask you to help me release the bitterness that tries to hold me back.
There's anointing on that.
Thank you, Father.
Glory to God.
What can wash away my sin?
Nothing but the blood of Jesus.
What can make me whole again?
Oh, precious is the flow that makes me white as snow.
It's nothing but the blood.
He washes us white as snow.
No other fountain I know, nothing but the blood of Jesus.
I forgive that spouse that was mean to me.
I forgive my ex tonight.
Father, I forgive them.
My ex-wife and my ex-husband, I forgive them.
Father, I release them to you.
Thank you, Father.
And Father, I believe they will have a radical visitation from you, that you save them before they go to hell.
Father, I thank you that you save them before they go to hell.
I forgive my ex-spouse.
I release them.
Take all that out of me, God.
Take it all out, Father.
Wash me and make me new.
Thank you, Lord.
If you want to get married and you say, 'I don't want to take that into my next marriage,' I don't want to take all that in there.
Father, we wash it in Jesus' name.
Praise the Lord.
Thank you, Father.
We wash it all in the blood.
Well, praise God.
I feel like that's all the direction he really wanted to go tonight.
Good.
I'm so excited y'all came here.
Could you do me a favor tonight?
Please like the video.
Subscribe if you haven't subscribed.
Click the notification bell.
Click the like button.
Do all the things and comment something nice down below.
Remember, Diana and I will never ask you for anything.
So if you ever see somebody asking you for money, financial support, or anything for an orphanage, that is not us.
There's a lot of impersonators out there, especially on TikTok.
You need to know that Diana and I will never ask you for a dime.
Freely we've been given; freely we give it out.
We love you.
We pray for you.
We're not here to do any of that.
So if they're asking for it, it's not us.
Remember that.
We've reported them and done everything we could.
We've tried to stop them until TikTok is in US control.
We pray TikTok gets taken over by the USA.
It's bad over there.
Be careful on TikTok.
They're trying to rip my people off and, I guess, the Lord's people.
But I call you mine because you're my family.
I want to tell y'all, there's a lot of scammers.
Do not fall for the TikTokers.
I don't even think TikTok cares.
Well, if enough people report them, maybe.
I've spent hours doing it, so it's annoying.
That's the world.
But that's what I want to say: please subscribe, like, and click the notification bell.
If you're new here, please do.
We're excited you're here.
We're excited you're part of this prayer.
We're believing for a million men and women prayer channel to reach the nations for Jesus.
And the Lord said, 'Brandon, they'll come on here from all over the world, and the prayers of the saints will change political events, storms that we talked about earlier, and people's lives will be forever changed.
' I believe it.
That's just all we do.
We're so excited to be a part of your households.
There's so many children that watch us, so many adults, and we're so excited that you turn us on for an hour, two hours, and thirty-one minutes.
God bless you all, and we'll be back maybe tomorrow.
It depends on what time prayer gets out.
But we love you and we pray for you all the time.
Remember, Paisley wants to say goodbye.
She said hi.
Put a smile on your face and a song in your heart.
Jesus loves you and we love you.
God bless you all, and we'll see you again soon.
Bye-bye.